packages/0x.js/README.md, before:

## 0x.js

A TypeScript/Javascript library for interacting with the 0x protocol.

### Read the [Documentation](https://0xproject.com/docs/0x.js).

## Installation

0x.js ships as both a [UMD](https://github.com/umdjs/umd) module and a [CommonJS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CommonJS) package.

#### CommonJS _(recommended)_:

**Install**

```bash
npm install 0x.js --save
```

**Import**

```javascript
import { ZeroEx } from '0x.js';
```

If your project is in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), add the following to your `tsconfig.json`:

```json
"compilerOptions": {
    "typeRoots": ["node_modules/@0xproject/typescript-typings/types", "node_modules/@types"],
}
```

#### UMD:

**Install**

Download the UMD module from our [releases page](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/releases) and add it to your project.

**Import**

```html
<script type="text/javascript" src="0x.js"></script>
```

## Contributing

We strongly recommend that the community help us make improvements and determine the future direction of 0x protocol. To report bugs within this package, please create an issue in this repository.

Please read our [contribution guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting started.

### Install dependencies

If you don't have yarn workspaces enabled (Yarn < v1.0) - enable them:

```bash
yarn config set workspaces-experimental true
```

Then install dependencies

```bash
yarn install
```

### Build

If this is your **first** time building this package, you must first build **all** packages within the monorepo. This is because packages that depend on other packages located inside this monorepo are symlinked when run from **within** the monorepo. This allows you to make changes across multiple packages without first publishing dependent packages to NPM. To build all packages, run the following from the monorepo root directory:

```bash
yarn lerna:rebuild
```

Or continuously rebuild on change:

```bash
yarn dev
```

You can also build this specific package by running the following from within its directory:

```bash
yarn build
```

or continuously rebuild on change:

```bash
yarn build:watch
```

### Clean

```bash
yarn clean
```

### Lint

```bash
yarn lint
```

### Run Tests

```bash
yarn test
```

Commit message:

Move from using lerna multi-package commands to wsrun, update README's accordingly

packages/0x.js/README.md, after:

## 0x.js

A TypeScript/Javascript library for interacting with the 0x protocol.

### Read the [Documentation](https://0xproject.com/docs/0x.js).

## Installation

0x.js ships as both a [UMD](https://github.com/umdjs/umd) module and a [CommonJS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CommonJS) package.

#### CommonJS _(recommended)_:

**Install**

```bash
npm install 0x.js --save
```

**Import**

```javascript
import { ZeroEx } from '0x.js';
```

If your project is in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), add the following to your `tsconfig.json`:

```json
"compilerOptions": {
    "typeRoots": ["node_modules/@0xproject/typescript-typings/types", "node_modules/@types"],
}
```

#### UMD:

**Install**

Download the UMD module from our [releases page](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/releases) and add it to your project.

**Import**

```html
<script type="text/javascript" src="0x.js"></script>
```

## Contributing

We strongly recommend that the community help us make improvements and determine the future direction of 0x protocol. To report bugs within this package, please create an issue in this repository.

Please read our [contribution guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting started.

### Install dependencies

If you don't have yarn workspaces enabled (Yarn < v1.0) - enable them:

```bash
yarn config set workspaces-experimental true
```

Then install dependencies

```bash
yarn install
```

### Build

To build this package and all other monorepo packages that it depends on, run the following from the monorepo root directory:

```bash
PKG=0x.js yarn build
```

Or continuously rebuild on change:

```bash
PKG=0x.js yarn watch
```

### Clean

```bash
yarn clean
```

### Lint

```bash
yarn lint
```

### Run Tests

```bash
yarn test
```
