packages/react-docs-example/README.md, before:

## @0xproject/react-docs-example

An [example documentation page](http://react-docs-example.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/) built using [react-docs](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/tree/development/packages/react-docs) rendering the [@0xproject/web3-wrapper](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/tree/development/packages/web3-wrapper) Typescript package. This is a great starter project for hosting your own Solidity or Typescript documentation page.

## Usage

This package is intended as a boilerplate for creating and hosting your own documentation page. Easiest way to get started is to fork the `0x-monorepo` and start modifying `react-docs-example`.

#### Install Dependencies

If you don't have yarn workspaces enabled (Yarn < v1.0) - enable them:

```bash
yarn config set workspaces-experimental true
```

Then install dependencies

```bash
yarn install
```

### Initial setup

The **first** time you work with this package, you must build **all** packages within the monorepo. This is because packages that depend on other packages located inside this monorepo are symlinked when run from **within** the monorepo. This allows you to make changes across multiple packages without first publishing dependent packages to NPM. To build all packages, run the following from the monorepo root directory:

```bash
yarn lerna:rebuild
```

Note: If you move this package out of the monorepo, it will work without this step. Make sure you copy it out on the `master` branch since the `development` version might rely on not-yet published changes to other packages.

### Run dev server

The the `react-docs-example` root directory, run:

```bash
yarn dev
```

### Deploy Example to S3 bucket

You will need to adapt the `deploy_example` command in the `package.json` to point to an S3 bucket you've created. Make sure the bucket is publicly accessible to everyone.

You will also need to install the [aws-cli](https://github.com/aws/aws-cli) and configure it with your AWS credentials.

```bash
yarn deploy_example
```

### Build

```bash
yarn build
```

### Clean

```bash
yarn clean
```

### Lint

```bash
yarn lint
```

## Contributing

We strongly encourage the community to help us make improvements. To report bugs within this package, please create an issue in this repository.

Please read our [contribution guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting started.

Commit message:

Move from using lerna multi-package commands to wsrun, update README's accordingly

packages/react-docs-example/README.md, after:

## @0xproject/react-docs-example

An [example documentation page](http://react-docs-example.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/) built using [react-docs](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/tree/development/packages/react-docs) rendering the [@0xproject/web3-wrapper](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/tree/development/packages/web3-wrapper) Typescript package. This is a great starter project for hosting your own Solidity or Typescript documentation page.

## Usage

This package is intended as a boilerplate for creating and hosting your own documentation page. Easiest way to get started is to fork the `0x-monorepo` and start modifying `react-docs-example`.

#### Install Dependencies

If you don't have yarn workspaces enabled (Yarn < v1.0) - enable them:

```bash
yarn config set workspaces-experimental true
```

Then install dependencies

```bash
yarn install
```

### Initial setup

The **first** time you work with this package, you must build **all** packages within the monorepo. This is because packages that depend on other packages located inside this monorepo are symlinked when run from **within** the monorepo. This allows you to make changes across multiple packages without first publishing dependent packages to NPM. To build all packages, run the following from the monorepo root directory:

```bash
PKG=0x.js yarn build
```

Note: If you move this package out of the monorepo, it will work without this step. Make sure you copy it out on the `master` branch since the `development` version might rely on not-yet published changes to other packages.

### Run dev server

The the `react-docs-example` root directory, run:

```bash
PKG=0x.js yarn watch
```

### Deploy Example to S3 bucket

You will need to adapt the `deploy_example` command in the `package.json` to point to an S3 bucket you've created. Make sure the bucket is publicly accessible to everyone.

You will also need to install the [aws-cli](https://github.com/aws/aws-cli) and configure it with your AWS credentials.

```bash
yarn deploy_example
```

### Build

To build this package and all other monorepo packages that it depends on, run the following from the monorepo root directory:

```bash
PKG=@0xproject/react-docs-example yarn build
```

Or continuously rebuild on change:

```bash
PKG=@0xproject/react-docs-example yarn watch
```

### Clean

```bash
yarn clean
```

### Lint

```bash
yarn lint
```

## Contributing

We strongly encourage the community to help us make improvements. To report bugs within this package, please create an issue in this repository.

Please read our [contribution guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting started.
