packages/testnet-faucets/README.md, before:

## @0xproject/testnet-faucets

This faucet dispenses 0.1 test ether to one recipient per second and 0.1 test ZRX every 5 seconds. It has a max queue size of 1000.

## Installation

This is a private package and therefore is not published to npm. In order to build and run this package locally, see the contributing instructions below.

## Contributing

We welcome improvements and fixes from the wider community! To report bugs within this package, please create an issue in this repository.

Please read our [contribution guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting started.

### Install dependencies

If you don't have yarn workspaces enabled (Yarn < v1.0) - enable them:

```bash
yarn config set workspaces-experimental true
```

Then install dependencies

```bash
yarn install
```

### Build

If this is your **first** time building this package, you must first build **all** packages within the monorepo. This is because packages that depend on other packages located inside this monorepo are symlinked when run from **within** the monorepo. This allows you to make changes across multiple packages without first publishing dependent packages to NPM. To build all packages, run the following from the monorepo root directory:

```bash
yarn lerna:rebuild
```

Or continuously rebuild on change:

```bash
yarn dev
```

You can also build this specific package by running the following from within its directory:

```bash
yarn build
```

or continuously rebuild on change:

```bash
yarn build:watch
```

### Clean

```bash
yarn clean
```

### Lint

```bash
yarn lint
```

### Start

Set the following environment variables:

```bash
export DISPENSER_ADDRESS=0x5409ed021d9299bf6814279a6a1411a7e866a631
export DISPENSER_PRIVATE_KEY=f2f48ee19680706196e2e339e5da3491186e0c4c5030670656b0e0164837257d
export FAUCET_ROLLBAR_ACCESS_KEY={GET_THIS_FROM_ROLLBAR_ACCOUNT_SETTINGS}
export INFURA_API_KEY={GET_THIS_FROM_INFURA}
```

If you want to talk to testrpc, set the following environment variable:

```bash
export FAUCET_ENVIRONMENT=development
```

Infura API Key can be requested here: https://infura.io/signup

Note: The above public/private keys exist when running `testrpc` with the following option `--mnemonic concert load couple harbor equip island argue ramp clarify fence smart topic`.

```bash
yarn dev
```

### Endpoints

`GET /ping`

Returns `pong`

`GET /info`

Returns a JSON payload describing the state of the queues for each network. For example:

```json
{
    "3": {
        "ether": {
            "full": false,
            "size": 4
        },
        "zrx": {
            "full": false,
            "size": 6
        }
    },
    "42": {
        "ether": {
            "full": false,
            "size": 8
        },
        "zrx": {
            "full": false,
            "size": 20
        }
    }
}
```

`GET /ether/:recipient?networkId=:networkId`

Schedules a transaction that sends 0.1 ETH to the `recipient` on the network specified by `networkId` where `recipient` is a hex encoded Ethereum address prefixed with `0x`. If no `networkId` is provided via query parameters the faucet will default to network 42 (Kovan).

`GET /zrx/:recipient?networkId=:networkId`

Schedules a transaction that sends 0.1 ZRX to the `recipient` on the network specified by `networkId` where `recipient` is a hex encoded Ethereum address prefixed with `0x`. If no `networkId` is provided via query parameters the faucet will default to network 42 (Kovan).

`GET /order/weth/:recipient?networkId=:networkId`

Returns a JSON payload describing an order for 0.1 WETH in exchange for 0.1 ZRX signed by the dispenser address on the network specified by `networkId`. The taker is specified by `recipient` where `recipient` is a hex encoded Ethereum address prefixed with `0x`. If no `networkId` is provided via query parameters the faucet will default to network 42 (Kovan).

`GET /order/zrx/:recipient?networkId=:networkId`

Returns a JSON payload describing an order for 0.1 ZRX in exchange for 0.1 WETH signed by the dispenser address on the network specified by `networkId`. The taker is specified by `recipient` where `recipient` is a hex encoded Ethereum address prefixed with `0x`. If no `networkId` is provided via query parameters the faucet will default to network 42 (Kovan).

#### Example request

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/ether/0x14e2F1F157E7DD4057D02817436D628A37120FD1\?networkId=3
```

This command will request the local server to initiate a transfer of 0.1 ETH from the dispensing address to `0x14e2F1F157E7DD4057D02817436D628A37120FD1` on the Ropsten testnet.

### Docker configs

```
docker run -d \
-p 80:3000 \
--name testnet-faucets \
--log-opt max-size=100m \
--log-opt max-file=20 \
-e DISPENSER_ADDRESS=$DISPENSER_ADDRESS \
-e DISPENSER_PRIVATE_KEY=$DISPENSER_PRIVATE_KEY \
-e FAUCET_ROLLBAR_ACCESS_KEY=$FAUCET_ROLLBAR_ACCESS_KEY \
-e FAUCET_ENVIRONMENT=production \
-e INFURA_API_KEY=$INFURA_API_KEY \
testnet-faucets
```

Commit message:

Move from using lerna multi-package commands to wsrun, update README's accordingly

packages/testnet-faucets/README.md, after:

## @0xproject/testnet-faucets

This faucet dispenses 0.1 test ether to one recipient per second and 0.1 test ZRX every 5 seconds. It has a max queue size of 1000.

## Installation

This is a private package and therefore is not published to npm. In order to build and run this package locally, see the contributing instructions below.

## Contributing

We welcome improvements and fixes from the wider community! To report bugs within this package, please create an issue in this repository.

Please read our [contribution guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting started.

### Install dependencies

If you don't have yarn workspaces enabled (Yarn < v1.0) - enable them:

```bash
yarn config set workspaces-experimental true
```

Then install dependencies

```bash
yarn install
```

### Build

To build this package and all other monorepo packages that it depends on, run the following from the monorepo root directory:

```bash
PKG=@0xproject/testnet-faucets yarn build
```

Or continuously rebuild on change:

```bash
PKG=@0xproject/testnet-faucets yarn watch
```

### Clean

```bash
yarn clean
```

### Lint

```bash
yarn lint
```

### Start

Set the following environment variables:

```bash
export DISPENSER_ADDRESS=0x5409ed021d9299bf6814279a6a1411a7e866a631
export DISPENSER_PRIVATE_KEY=f2f48ee19680706196e2e339e5da3491186e0c4c5030670656b0e0164837257d
export FAUCET_ROLLBAR_ACCESS_KEY={GET_THIS_FROM_ROLLBAR_ACCOUNT_SETTINGS}
export INFURA_API_KEY={GET_THIS_FROM_INFURA}
```

If you want to talk to testrpc, set the following environment variable:

```bash
export FAUCET_ENVIRONMENT=development
```

Infura API Key can be requested here: https://infura.io/signup

Note: The above public/private keys exist when running `testrpc` with the following option `--mnemonic concert load couple harbor equip island argue ramp clarify fence smart topic`.

```bash
PKG=0x.js yarn watch
```

### Endpoints

`GET /ping`

Returns `pong`

`GET /info`

Returns a JSON payload describing the state of the queues for each network. For example:

```json
{
    "3": {
        "ether": {
            "full": false,
            "size": 4
        },
        "zrx": {
            "full": false,
            "size": 6
        }
    },
    "42": {
        "ether": {
            "full": false,
            "size": 8
        },
        "zrx": {
            "full": false,
            "size": 20
        }
    }
}
```

`GET /ether/:recipient?networkId=:networkId`

Schedules a transaction that sends 0.1 ETH to the `recipient` on the network specified by `networkId` where `recipient` is a hex encoded Ethereum address prefixed with `0x`. If no `networkId` is provided via query parameters the faucet will default to network 42 (Kovan).

`GET /zrx/:recipient?networkId=:networkId`

Schedules a transaction that sends 0.1 ZRX to the `recipient` on the network specified by `networkId` where `recipient` is a hex encoded Ethereum address prefixed with `0x`. If no `networkId` is provided via query parameters the faucet will default to network 42 (Kovan).

`GET /order/weth/:recipient?networkId=:networkId`

Returns a JSON payload describing an order for 0.1 WETH in exchange for 0.1 ZRX signed by the dispenser address on the network specified by `networkId`. The taker is specified by `recipient` where `recipient` is a hex encoded Ethereum address prefixed with `0x`. If no `networkId` is provided via query parameters the faucet will default to network 42 (Kovan).

`GET /order/zrx/:recipient?networkId=:networkId`

Returns a JSON payload describing an order for 0.1 ZRX in exchange for 0.1 WETH signed by the dispenser address on the network specified by `networkId`. The taker is specified by `recipient` where `recipient` is a hex encoded Ethereum address prefixed with `0x`. If no `networkId` is provided via query parameters the faucet will default to network 42 (Kovan).

#### Example request

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/ether/0x14e2F1F157E7DD4057D02817436D628A37120FD1\?networkId=3
```

This command will request the local server to initiate a transfer of 0.1 ETH from the dispensing address to `0x14e2F1F157E7DD4057D02817436D628A37120FD1` on the Ropsten testnet.

### Docker configs

```
docker run -d \
-p 80:3000 \
--name testnet-faucets \
--log-opt max-size=100m \
--log-opt max-file=20 \
-e DISPENSER_ADDRESS=$DISPENSER_ADDRESS \
-e DISPENSER_PRIVATE_KEY=$DISPENSER_PRIVATE_KEY \
-e FAUCET_ROLLBAR_ACCESS_KEY=$FAUCET_ROLLBAR_ACCESS_KEY \
-e FAUCET_ENVIRONMENT=production \
-e INFURA_API_KEY=$INFURA_API_KEY \
testnet-faucets
```
